你有什么想问我的吗?
进入公司，我的发展方向是怎样的呢?
我们部门的氛围是什么样的呢?
公司对于我们这样的员工是怎么个规划的，如何晋升？
开始的时候，业务不熟有没有其他员工提供帮助？
加班辛苦了，有没有搞点活动？
只有一个问题,就是刚才您问我的第2个问题,可能因为经验少感觉回答的不好,能请教下这种情况比较好的处理方法吗?
公司是否存在加班现象，如果有的话，是否频繁？
试用期多久，试用期内薪资如何计算？
公司主要在做什么，我进来后会做什么，需要什么技术？
加入贵司需要什么样的个人素质和水平？
为什么职位仍是空缺着的？Why is the position open?
如果这个职位现在有/曾经有过员工，那么他们是什么地方出了错所以离开了？他们是怎么取代前任？或者他们为什么要离开？ 提出这些问题应该可以帮助你学会很多，要把“把问题放在桌面上”。If there is/ was an incumbent, what went wrong? Why are they replacing that individual? Or , why did they leave? Asking questions such as these should help you learn a lot and "put issues on the table"
这个职位要向谁报告，ta的背景是什么？To whom does the position report, and what is his/her background?
这个职位最重要的职责是什么？What are the most important responsibilities of this position?
我有什么自主权可以来履行我的职责？What autonomy would I have to perform my responsibilities?
这个职位对技术要求高吗？How much emphasis is placed on technical skills in this position?
这个职位对人际交往能力要求高吗？How much emphasis is placed on people skills in this position?
要需要什么样的学习和培训，能够帮助我胜任这个工作？What educational or training support will be available to help me learn what I need to know to be successful?
在入职的60-90天内，我能为公司做什么事？哪个是最重要的？What is the most important thing I can do to help your company during the first 60 to 90 days of employment?
能说说你对这个职位理想人选的要求吗？Describe your perception of an ideal candidate for this position.
我今天的表现会怎么被评估？ 是否有正式的评估过程，如果有，能向我描述一下吗？How will my performance be judged? Is there a formal evaluation process, and if so, please describe it for me?
这个级别职位的日常/每周/每月工作是什么？What is a typical workday or week or month for this level of position?
公司的经营理念是什么？What is the company's management philosophy?
我主要是继承项目还是启动项目？Will I mainly inherit projects or initiate them?
你为什么来这个公司，你的背景是什么？What brought you to this company, and what is your background?
这个职位的职业道路是什么样的？What is a typical career path for this position?
你如何看待这一领域或部门的工作环境？How do you characterize the working environment of this area or department?
出差频率是多少？加班情况？How much travel is required? What about overtime?
公司的目标有哪些？What are some of the company's goals?
你觉得3年或者5年后，公司会怎样？Where do you see this company in 3 years, 5 years?
我和我的上司之间的关系是什么样的？What kind of a reporting relationship would exist between my immediate supervisor and me?
这个职位有什么晋升机会？能给我举个例子吗？What growth opportunities are available for a person starting in this position? Can you give me an example?
你还想知道什么其他信息，可以帮助你了解我是否能够胜任这个职位？What other information can I give you to help you evaluate my qualifications for this position?
如果你录用我，我需要什么时候来报到？When would you need me to start if you were to hire me?

disagreement with your boss:
两个grid，第二个grid是第一个grid某行的具体信息，可以只load一次，双击之后client端直接显示，不需要第二次call去获得，也可以分两次load；
问题是一次性拿所有数据有性能问题，用户体验不好，一次性load需要30s，如果分批load，main grid需要7s, secondary grid每次需要1s。
性能的确是由于数据的volume引起的，因为fetch时间和volume严格线性相关

improvement of dev:
don't rely on stackoverflow too much since my dev problem is unique to myself, it waste too much time on searching or directing to wrong direction
don't try to model and setup complicated schema at first place, try NoSQL solution, put all config json string into one field (like managed view's config)

motivation:
wanna to narrow down my expertise
